If you wanna get further into this,
I encourage you to learn about Langchain.
Langchain is a framework for
developing applications powered by LLMs.
And Langchain has libraries for
Python, and no JS and JavaScript.
And it's multi-vendor, so
it's not just for open AI.
You can connect also with other models,
other AI models.
It includes prompt tools, so the prompt,
the string you know it has a lot of
places there so you can create templates.
So you can say well here
it will go the example,
this is what I need if something's wrong.
It include, this is the part
where you can use embeddings.
It includes document loaders, so you can
upload a PDF with this and he will do
that chunk part of it with a slice your
document, and he will start your vectors.
It does include text splitters that
will split your document in chunks.
By the way,
long chain will use your open AI key.
Because they are not doing that for you.
They have memory.
So they support the idea
of memory between calls.
So instead of using directly the OpenAPI
as we were using, you can use Langchain
and then Langchain will have memory,
and we remember the history chat.
And it will inject that into
the prompt for all their requests.
And the name lang from LLMs,
language models, and chain.
Chain, it's an interface included
in this library that will let you
connect different AI calls.
So you can say, I want to make this call.
Then Dolly, then after Dolly,
I want to go to another model,
then I want to use church CBT for
something else, and
you can express all that chain and
then execute the chain.
And finally,
it includes an idea known as agents.
An agent is to make
decisions on actions to take
based on JPT then the agent
will take the action.
It can be sent an email.
It can be called an API, copy a folder.
It can be something on your computer,
open software,
used the software, click here or
there and it can even observe.
For that action to control that happen or
not he will retry.
And for that it uses a lot
of calls to open AIs, APIs.
So that's long chain,
the website is js.langchain.com.
That's the one that goes
directly to the JavaScript API.
And here you have all the documentation
on how to start using LLMs.
And here you can see how to use
the chat models from open AI and
other providers in the future.
How to all the tools for prompts.
So output parser, for example, it will
check that the format that the LLM is
returning is exactly
the one you were expecting.
So it's a body data of the output.
Indexes is where you
have document loaders.
Vector stores that will help you with
that part to split the document and
then create the embedding for you.
So, Langchain is like the next step.
So, after you learn the basics of OpenAI,
the next step is probably use
a framework such as Langchain.